## 1.1.19

- Better handling of body for responses of status from 400 to 599.
- Fix `_jsonDecode`: better handling of null json. 
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.26

## 1.1.18

- Added `browser` test.
  - Tests now runs with `vm` and `browser` platform.
  - The browser test uses `spawnHybridUri`, to run at the same time the `TestServer` in VM.
  - The VM test run normally, running `TestServer` in the same VM of tests.
- `.github/workflows`: Now supports tests in FireFox. 
- Added dev_dependencies:
  - stream_channel: ^2.0.0
  - async: ^2.4.2

## 1.1.17

- Added parameter `queryString`.
- Added `ProgressListener`.

## 1.1.16

- `HttpRequest` and `HttpClient`: Added `noQueryString` parameter.

## 1.1.15

- `HttpClient`:
  - `baseURL` now is normalized with `trimLeft()`, since any URI can't start with spaces.
  - Added `withBasePath` and `withBaseURL`.
  - `PUT`, `PATH` and `DELETE` now accepts `queryParameters`.
- `Authorization`: credential resolution handles better exceptions when calling [authorizationProvider].
- `HttpBody`: Added `isMap` and `asMap`.
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.20

## 1.1.14

- Renamed `HttpBody` to `HttpRequestBody`.
- New class `HttpBody`, to wrap multiple types of data body.
- `HttpResponse.body` now is a `HttpBody` no a `String`.
- enum_to_string: ^1.0.14
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.19
  
## 1.1.13

- Using `encodeJSON` that accepts more dynamic trees.
- Avoid empty querystring at the end of path (`.../foo?`) for empty `queryParameters`. 
- enum_to_string: ^1.0.13
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.16

## 1.1.12

- `buildURLWithQueryParameters`:
  - avoid empty fragment in URL.
  - new parameter `removeFragment` to force null URL fragment. 
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.13

## 1.1.11

- swiss_knife: ^2.5.12
- pedantic: ^1.9.2
- test: ^1.15.3
- test_coverage: ^0.4.3

## 1.1.10

- Added `HttpResponse.bodyMimeType`.
- Change parameter name `queryParameters` to `parameters`.
- Request `parameters` now accepts variables in values: `{{var}}`.
- dartfmt.
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.10
- CI: dartanalyzer

## 1.1.9

- `HttpBody: can be generated by a `Function` that can receive `parameters`.
- `HttpCall`: Defines and performs HTTP calls.
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.5

## 1.1.8

- Refactor class Authorization: _AuthorizationStatic, _AuthorizationResolvable.
- Change field HttpClient.authorization from Credential to Authorization.
- Added HttpClient.authorizationResolutionInterceptor
- swiss_knife: ^2.5.3

## 1.1.7

- Fix HTTPS request for dart:io implementation.
- Reuse connections for dart:io implementation.
- Added example.
- Fix documentation.
- dartfmt.

## 1.1.6

- Implementation of DELETE HTTP Method.
- Added HttpClient.urlFilter: HttpClientURLFilter
- Internally use of `HttpMethod` enum when possible. Avoids use of Method as String.
- API Documentation.
- dartfmt and clean code.
- swiss_knife: ^2.4.1

## 1.1.5

- getHttpClientRuntimeUri()
- HttpRequester integrated with JSONPaging.
- HttpResponse.asJSONPaging

## 1.1.4

- HttpResponse.bodyType/isBodyTypeJSON
- BearerCredential.findToken
- fix HttpResponse.getResponseHeader()
- getHttpMethod()
- swiss_knife: ^2.3.9

## 1.1.3

- swiss_knife: ^2.3.7

## 1.1.2

- Fix HttpCache to identify requests with complex body already in cache.
- HttpError: response body as HttpError.message.
- swiss_knife: ^2.3.4

## 1.1.1

- swiss_knife: ^2.3.1

## 1.1.0

- Fix parsing of Uri path with encoded char (ex.: %20).
- Fix automatic set of application/x-www-form-urlencoded when sending POST query parameters.
- Retry request with network error.
- Fix HttpCache requests with dynamic body.
- swiss_knife: ^2.3.0

## 1.0.9

- BearerCredential.fromJSONToken

## 1.0.8

- HttpClient: fullPath parameter to indicate that the path is full (from root).
- HttpClient._buildRequestAuthorization: fix case when result is a null credential.

## 1.0.7

- JSONBodyCredential: creates a JSON body with authentication for each request.
- HttpBody: now a request body is dynamic, it can be Map and List (automatically converted to JSON) or a normal String.

## 1.0.6

- Public method buildRequestURL.
- HttpCache class: handles requests cache with entries timeout and memory limit.


## 1.0.5

- Update dependencies.
- Code analysis.

## 1.0.4

- Update dependencies.
- Code analysis.

## 1.0.3

- Add Author and License to README.

## 1.0.1

- Code analysis

## 1.0.0

- Initial version, created by Stagehand
